# FeedZip
A feed and consume of zip files demo along with some SQL DB recording.

Configuration:
- Inside the main folder, there is MyDB2.bacpac file which is the file to use in order to import the database to the local machine.
- To import the database with SQL Server Management Studio 2012, connect to a server, right-click on the "Databases" and select "Import Data-Tier Application...", then find and select the MyDB2.bacpac file.

Usage:
- The Feeder.exe is just an executable without any user interaction in runtime and what it does, is to zip all image files located in the location preseted as source and generate a .meta file for sql database recording.
  - Use this executable to generate files that the other consumer executable can consume.
  - Use the xmlconfig.xml file to change the application's parameters. 

- The Consumer.exe is unzipping and inspecting the files generated by Feeder.exe and stores a record inside the database with each file inspected.
  - The console offers instructions on how to control the operations during runtime.
  - Use the xmlconfig.xml file to change the application's parameters.
  - The SQL connection string may require the "Server" value to be modified according to the local machine setup.
  - Once a .zip file is inspected, you can open the image files from the application itself.
  
  Note:
  - Both executables are dependent on XmlConfigureApp assembly, therefore the xmlconfig.xml should match the configuration of both applications, otherwise they won't be able to work properly.
